Add a note to dotnet nuget add source (#22938)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-nuget-add-source.md

The `dotnet nuget add source` command adds a new package source to your NuGet configuration files.

> > [!WARNING]
> > Be careful when adding multiple feeds not to introduce a [dependency confusion attack](https://aka.ms/pkg-sec-wp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> When adding multiple NuGet sources, be careful not to introduce a [dependency confusion attack](https://aka.ms/pkg-sec-wp).
```

Author: @IEvangelist Should it be multiple package sources instead to match the name used in [nuget.config](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/nuget/reference/nuget-config-file#packagesources)?

Reviewer: Yeah, that is fine. I updated the suggestion...

> > When adding multiple package sources, be careful not to introduce a [dependency confusion attack](https://aka.ms/pkg-sec-wp).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> When adding multiple package sources, be careful not to introduce a [dependency confusion vulnerability](https://aka.ms/pkg-sec-wp).
```

> > Avoid having the public `nuget.org` feed along with other feeds. For more information, see [Dependency confusion attack](https://www.msn.com/money/other/microsoft-warns-enterprises-of-new-dependency-confusion-attack-technique/ar-BB1dynJl).

Reviewer: This link is invalid, doesn't resolve for me. I did find related articles, I'm not sure this is directly related though.

Author: @IEvangelist See also https://github.com/dotnet/docs/pull/22777.
